cmake: Add `SECP256K1_C_FLAGS` configure option (#1249)
bitcoin-core/secp256k1: CMakeLists.txt

  enable_testing()
endif()

> set(SECP256K1_LATE_CFLAGS "" CACHE STRING "Compiler flags that can override flags set by the build system.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(SECP256K1_LATE_CFLAGS "" CACHE STRING "Compiler flags that are added to the command line after all other flags added by the build system.")
```

I think something like this is more precise.  What the semantics of the flags are (i.e., whether earlier options can actually be overridden) depends on the compiler.

Author: Updated.
